Docs: minor changes and typos (#1538)
GridTools/gridtools: docs_src/manuals/introduction/introduction.rst

AMD GPU Support
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Further, |GT| can also be compiled for AMD GPUs using AMD’s HIP. To compile |GT| you need the Clang-based HIP copmpiler.
> Compilation of a Clang-based HIP compiler is relatively straightforward and
> documented in the `official HIP repository <https://github.com/ROCm-Developer-Tools/HIP/blob/master/INSTALL.md#hip-clang>`_.

Author: ```suggestion
Further, |GT| can also be compiled for AMD GPUs using AMD’s HIP. To compile |GT| you need the Clang-based HIP compiler which is available with ROCm 3.5 and later.
```

Author: Something like this?

Reviewer: :+1:
